Issue 5211 (#5212)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

# Changes from release 2024/01 to 2024/02
1. AIRAC (2401) - Removed Shoreham (EGKA) Helipad 7 Circle - thanks to @rishab-alt
2. Bug - Corrected the ICAO code for EGBG_R_TWR position definition - thanks to @RedstonePilot (Ben Walker)

> X. AIRAC (2402) - Updated Bremen (A) frequency and corrected Jever low top-down order - thanks to @khardern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
X. Procedure Change (2402) - Updated Bremen (A) frequency and corrected Jever top-down order - thanks to @khardern
```
